do a quick video today to show you how
to change this fascia this is the single
CD player used in the lamp River
discovery 3 and also in some of the
Freelander 2 models if you've got the
multi CD changer you'll have the screen
to the side and these number buttons on
the other side so this is the single
type and it's probably very similarly
for the other types so the radio knob
just pull off some are tighter than
others okay we've done this actually
before so we're making it up as we go
along today but we've got a quick look
so we've got these little screws here
there's four two on this side and two on
the other side you'll see in a minute
we've got a little Torx t8 driver yeah
it sounded quite small these talks okay
okay so up through there
spin it round yeah you doing this all
night you might want to do it on a bit
carpet or something soft
stop it scratching the button we're
going to send this one off for reverb so
we're not too worried okay so that's
about it so that's those four off okay
so it looks like the next thing is these
little tabs on the top so you can see
you got a plastic you can see there if
we lift that up now on there's a bit on
the air so the trick is to not let those
click back on as you're doing the other
so that's the one side on trouble there
so if I try and stop that from Bri
engaging I'm gonna get flat blade
screwdriver with yes
okay and just like a cesium
oh he's gonna fight me I said I go
alright that one off there we go that
middle one seems to be the tricky one
there okay all right so that's about it
what's gonna fall out here okay it's
probably got an electrical connection
yeah
connected let's have a look okay right
there we go so we've got two of these
ribbon type cables connected here so the
way to disengage these as you can see
we've got a slightly darker beige bit
here and if we push that bar backwards
okay on one side and then the other okay
we should then be able to just tease
that out clever little connector these
again just push that one alright push it
and then that connector comes up so you
can see the electrical connections are
on that side of the ribbon cable is
reinsert them make sure they're fully
inserted and then you just click those
lock tabs in so that is the that's the
radio facial remove now if you've got a
problem with the LCD screen or you need
to change the LCD screen it looks like a
similar process you've got similar
connectors here and you've also got some
screws here for locating these circuit
boards on but hopefully that'll get you
certainly the worst bit of the job done
there